I would like to start with the video that was
uploaded last night man but I would
like to start because last night Aby uploaded
a thread in which she was completely
lying man, I mean but completely
lying eh she uploaded a thread cutting some
clips saying that she hadn't lied
to anyone for real XD I don't lie to anyone I
repeated a thousand times that it seemed wrong to
harass anyone Of course but I was
referring to the girl because you put
the girl as a victim of harassment
because I did talk
about both positions and I tried to give a message to people who have had a bad time No daughter you gave credibility to the girl and you burned one in it and she's out there denying it like she's done on other occasions Well the other day when she got into me and auron on Twitter she
also denied that the thread was about
us and here I took a clip from the
video that we're going to see now okay I
used it yesterday to give her my
opinion on a general topic of what
everyone believed I gave my opinion on a
general topic that's the one you just
saw in the Twitter thread I gave my opinion
on a random topic, whoever took
offense is their problem, eh, he did the
same thing the other day on Twitter with me
and Auron. Not my general opinion,
general opinion, no, let's see, the main book
and the one everyone was talking about
was Auronplay. But I'll tell you more, how
can it be that there are people,
I'm 14 years old. Oh, okay, I like
14 year olds,
a 14 year old girl and coincidentally the girl
knows. But why are you such a liar, I mean,
here I put it, you said that you would be the one who would
give a liar the most trouble, it
would be cool if you started with yourself.
By the way, I also gave Karcher another
liar, Manuel, he should lose
each and every one of the followers he
gained because of Auronplay. This is
sincerely, I know that Auronplay
will eventually back down and be super
benevolent with him, they might even collaborate
with him. It would be disappointing to me, I'm not going to
say it, I'm not going to say that I wouldn't be
disappointed, but I know that you're going to do this because
in the end, Auronplay seems to want
cordiality, no, I don't know, no, no
conflict, come back calmly.  but come on and
with this leave me alone a kiss to
all of you who have sent me love
these days she has it really hard carché man you
have a face that is too big because
on top of that you are going to come across as a pimp no They came across
like clowns I will not accept your
apologies let's see man, they will have
sent a little message on WhatsApp to Laura
telling her and people something is happening to her
with me I have not done anything to you eh It's that I did
not know it's that I do not know what and Auron
has told you calm down everything is fine does not
mean that the filth that
you have done is eliminated karcher listen to yourself let's see you have
wanted to link yourself to everything without
knowing it was guilty if this continues the same
and continues like this well Hey, I will distance myself from
all this because I do not feel like being
linked to it if this continues the same and
everyone continues like this, I will distance myself from
all this, I do not want to be linked to
them, I will distance myself I know that they stain
your image as a feminist ally no Because
the other is a groomer no if everything continues
like this no without clarifying no because there is no
could you send a little message to auronplay
to tell him if the grooming thing was true or a lie?
No, now to
drag you down, he's a fake guy. Look,
Karcher, you're a fake, okay, look, do you see
these little red numbers, okay, do you see these little
red numbers? Or is this when you
went to send a little message to Auron? No,
no, to worry about him, you send her
a message so you can make sure
everything was okay, you
rascal, you're a rascal. You're going to come, the pimp. You're going to
come now as a pimp. Ah,
you looked like a clown, is everything fine?
Why are you sending a message to Auron now
instead of sending it to him here? No,
sorry. Sorry, sorry, here, why not? You
worried about Auron that day. No, no,
you sent him a message. Now,
when you saw that
people are leaving and on top of that, you're going to come
as a pimp. Oh, they looked like a
clown, those wrecks that you've taken
because most people don't
believe you. Most people don't
believe you because they've seen what you are.
dear that's going well now but
on top of being a bully, arrogant, which is what you
know is the most fat, very good, my people
here I am, we have dirt,
obviously, I flatly deny having
spoken to this person knowing
that she was a minor and I'm going to say it until I die, it gives me a lot of [ __ ], man, seeing Auron in a video saying that I have not spoken to a minor, I mean, but no, Because it could be true, it's a lie, I'm really not going to get into that and I
want to stay out of it, but it's
exploding my [ __ ] head, man, I mean,
this situation, Auronplay saying that I have
not spoken to a minor in 2014-2015, it
makes me, I don't know, man, it's exploding my
head, by the way, something new has come out
about the girl, she hasn't come out, I
found a girl who, by the way, I'm
really sorry because I posted the
tweet because they sent me the
screenshot by DM and then they told me
this, I wrote it, I don't know who
wrote this, I don't know how much, I don't know, I don't
know, you sent me the screenshot
on Instagram, on Instagram, not on DM and
I posted it, okay  that in a video of
Dallas in the forzas video in the video
that Dallas makes to forjas the
girl appears mocking forjas and it turns out that
this girl is the one who cleaned
Forza's house that in itself is already strange but
well, I mean, I don't know what
Ford would know from the girl No, I have my theories
you normally hire some, I don't know, I do
n't know if she would be someone's friend or not I don't
know but well Claudia Look Claudia You
have to be miserable and have
balls the size of a [ __ ] mountain
how you treated me quoting forfa
okay here the girl, I mean, I think that
this girl kind of makes her case from time
to time to the youtuber she touches to
get attention but I mean she's
friends with Ford's group, no thing, let's
see, we get into trouble no, this guy, I
remember that I cleaned her apartment to
buy my things, don't stay
high school and when I did something wrong she would
yell at me and insult me ​​until I
cried and she didn't care and then apart
from this the girl was a Dallas hater and
had Twitch in an anti-Dallas mode  or
go No but look at you how the
coincidences of life are in the world the
girl appeared appears in a video of
Dallas dude and what a coincidence eh What a
coincidence that of all the youtubers
with whom I have spoken to she starts to denounce
one the other day Looking around here people giving their
opinions there not getting too
much into the mud if you and Vicky
have not exposed yourselves to this situation for x or y
or it has simply happened well
all the people who do not like you very much have
taken advantage of you to seek to
denounce you to an extreme level what happens they
can smoke us to an extreme level if
there is nothing to denounce you with this
is also a reality you know because if he goes and
has tweets bullying
people on the internet or has DM Scott let's
see the eBay I have nothing against
him and the messages and the times that I have
spoken with him he has been very cordial and he has been
very kind to me and I have
nothing against him but man he was there he was
one of those who added the most and joined
the mob against Dallas when it was
the fashion just like me eh Just like
I have done a  hand hand let's see which
man went and said ugly things I made a
video relating the sisters he said
ugly things I still say that it doesn't make
sense to me that having millions of girls to
talk to all the youtubers
end up talking and flirting between
quotes with the same one anyway yes There are
very strange things little girls or I
had things like that and I would have tried
Cancel also you know how to say things do
n't happen because they have to happen or they are
coincidences or they are plots against you
Sometimes things happen yes there are things and there is behind
for these things to happen you know how to [ __ ]
the million saying something halfway
coherent I think today I didn't take it
halfway halfway let's see what
you have funnable or
cancelable things are very relative you're going to
forgive me man obviously I don't
have things like the ones he had
parked obviously I don't have a
history of having harassed and
called parents of
missing children and things like that No I don't
even have certain conversations
anyway things I'm not going to say okay But
indisputably and whoever says it
's not a lie, since it's not a lie
We've all done [ __ ] all  we have made
mistakes we all make mistakes that
people throw in your face when
you fight with someone they always throw it
in your face not all of us make mistakes in
life unfortunate comments things
that maybe can hurt another
person or things that you have gone too far I mean you have gotten
angry or you have done
something and you have gone too far and then you have
regretted it two years later words
that we have said that later maybe we have not
said or that we would not like to have
many things youth above all not a
youth in my youth I made many
mistakes it does not depend on the level of those
mistakes and it depends on many things it is not that no
if they do not have anything with which they will
debunk you they will not debunk you Okay yeah of course let's see
But it also depends a lot on who you are
why Because in many cases it has
been more than proven that it does not
matter what is done but who does it
Yesterday we saw it with Aby for example that she
was justifying some things when she
saw others as very serious It depends on whether the one who did it
was a friend of hers or not then it
depends on who you are it depends on whether you
did those things in a place that is
recorded or not recorded depends on
whether it can be recovered or not depends on how
bad it is or whether you have some sick person
behind you who is saving everything you
do depends on many things okay but
I believe that no human being has not
made mistakes or rather here we are
talking about that auronplay has had to come
out and apologize for
repulsive tweets from 11 years ago and a
supposed conversation that in case it
is true he had no idea of ​​the
girl's age the level is that another
thing is that you are canceling me
for something from now like for
example the coscu thing that dala took out
well that Dallas did not take it
Dalas remembered it because one day he
said turn around he took a picture of a girl who
was really drunk who fell
asleep in her house naked and he took a
picture of her and shared it and shared it with his
friends or a thousand other things that I can
tell you you don't have to be a little coherent
nobody has a completely
pure, dignified, spotless record not a piece of [ __ ] another
thing is that they no longer have the same accounts
on social networks it can no longer be recovered no  it's
recorded you weren't a youtuber at that
time we all have things all So it
also depends a bit on the level of course
There are some that the level is impossible to
grasp even though
a decade has passed there has been a notable case due
to the emotional involvement that there was
the good case And also included in the
pack although this one matters less and the
argument
didn't talk to you about feminism says
the best timing take it Although he takes
everyone for a fool he was giving his opinion on the
girl who made the thread auronplay my
opinion on a general topic
such harsh liars have eh
what nerve liars have
all liars are the same all
liars are the same I wasn't
talking about a general topic I wasn't
talking about it the general opinion no
Look I
'm talking to you Call me suspicious if you
want but the most viral thread and the one
everyone was talking about was
auronplay But I'll tell you more how can it
be that there are people
there years what Abby was saying was
how was it possible that someone doubted
that the grooming case was real as if to
say what do you need me to
literally put in the message I like
14 year old girls  Show me your tits, whatever
There she was there claiming to burn
auronplay and how was it possible that
someone doubted the girl So I
was telling you in that clip to a
14 year old girl and coincidentally The girl in the thread
at that time also then they
took it from other people and she says well she
was 14 everything everything coincidence but I'm
going further I'll tell you even more
because this this one and you were arguing
with Javi since you thought she was going for
him but he wasn't the recipient so
look no This is not like that here here there is a little
detail in which nautter was
wrong here there is a little detail in
which nautter was wrong wait
here the thing was that she put
after giving retweets to with michu in a
conversation that had nothing wrong with it
says she started giving it to wismichu she started
celebrating it calling me sexist and a
lot of things on her Twitter okay And
after that she puts another
famous content creator who throws at girls who are
10 years older than him and I get involved  a
shot in the [ __ ] this thing about Orlo's ex
was about me and for Auron here I hit him right in
the mouth If I had had two
million followers I would have hit on
you fax me okay And here he
starts calling me a [ __ ] and that kind of
thing that the allies do when he was
missing putting my children in not to get into everything that
in everything that
the alidades usually do, you are always not
40 years old they mess with your children anyway
those things no there in the end he says no no it's
that the initial tweet wasn't about
him look liar it's not only what
naucher is saying it's that look This
is the key yes my parents I mean here he
's saying that his parents started
at 40-50 Meaning that his mother had her when she was
40 and something okay And here he says no 14 24 and
19:30 referring to the fact that the
initial tweet was about Auron and me it's that
on top of that she's a liar that they lie to your
face and karches this is going to
fall on karch one day this  something is going to fall on her
so now she really is a
red flag it's not that these are already
phosphorescent neon lights of all colors
carché I mean if karcher does
n't know what's going to happen to him as soon as he leaves her or she leaves him my son you're a lemon candy if you don't know what's going to happen to you the moment I
leave her but even if you leave her now you
're a lemon candy I mean
but she's a liar constantly
constantly it's the typical profile of
all liars if they follow
patterns that are the same always
what was said that she takes everyone for fools
in a way from my experiences
that's more than obvious but
you don't fit in there you're really sorry you do
n't fit in Of course not but if I accept
public thought people are going to say
that sometimes you forget what you do
with Abby these days the one who's gone a lot
hate What do we run into with the typical
throw the stone and hide your hand
when we talk about the subject I said it could
be a lie lie yours I said it could
be a lie I said it could be a
lie and I have it from  diamond but she has it like a
diamond she has it like a
diamond dude I mean she has it like
diamonds you said this
a possible victim
and with that you are indirectly
blaming auronplay don't [ __ ] with me
apart from your perception of the presumption
she simply makes a fool of herself there I do
n't think she's blaming
auronplay there she's telling you that she
believes she is guilty you may be within your
right to think so the possible
abuser thing is one there she does go a
little too far But when she's
saying let's see what happens It's more than
obvious what people need
that in the conversation she says that she knows she's
14 years old that she likes 14
year olds Well yes Abby basically yes
evidently out of innocence she's a bit
far-fetched eh but it's pure logic
let's see each one and a perception of
life and has their opinions and what
is good and evil has an ethics and
a morality that is not dictated
by What are the laws but it's
pure logic kids I mean
I want how hard is it for some of you to
understand that
like the  tomorrow if you if
your son came to you and said hey mom my
girlfriend hits me one would you say
look go out first go through a trial and
then we'll talk no obviously
each one has his personal life and in what he
thinks of things he's going to be governed by his
own things I mean it
seems like pure logic to me it seems like pure logic let's
see pure logic
pure logic and he laughs they are two
different things don't [ __ ] with me logic says it has
still arrived base on logical that you
believe it they don't have to lie to you but the thing
is that you spoke on a global level with him
also it's not about a relative it's not about him
being your son or a neighbor
obviously when your son comes to you
when a person comes to you that you
trust completely Well of course you don't
need so much evidence because maybe
you only have his word and that's
enough but it's not that anymore even if it's a
person on the internet you can believe her you
can believe her without winning a
trial incentive makes it public of
course then you don't want to be classified
as the third voice you can believe a
person on the internet when the covers come out
you  you can believe what happens
that you have to see it depends on
what basis based on what no Simply because I
am a woman feminism but it's that with
your speech you are putting your hand in the
game for all the testimonies
There are many questions that I understand
that as a result of that clip Of course because in the
end who the [ __ ] if he doesn't like me the [ __ ]
is saying it's going to take two
and a half hours of upload to see if the
whole boat I know that nobody is going to do it or I mean I
know that unfortunately it's what I have to
talk to myself people are going to stay with
that clip there is a video but
that part is not even there and everything I said about it
in the video It is super summarized you
said this okay it is really needed
what the [ __ ] what more evidence is needed
more evidence is needed man it is an
outrage you made it very clear let it
go forward because you are looking
much worse Now all you need is for them to say
directly that you are above the
law Ah No wait because we are not in
front of an I mean we are not in a
trial So
you no I am not I am not saying that I do
not support the law I am saying that I in
my  day to day I do not abide by the laws if
at a verbal level it is so outside the
law come on it goes directly to auronplay
Pet can not eh You pretend that here are
the pants well let's see there is no need to
call him a pedophile eh that I there with what he
has said in that live with the
clips that he put here the naute I think there
may be a gang eh To
finish there you are mentioning to him
that apparently they are friends Look how
beautiful What we have around here a good
bug that at the level of attitude with
women has nothing to do with
auronplay much worse Well come on again
how he throws balls out
my [ __ ] naked greedy
giant ovaries that I have eh You are telling me let's
see please it is that you do not let go of my
arm suddenly you have put me in a
war I do not care about that I do not care about that That
is my friend I do not care about that
love
in war I do not care about that
Okay when Dallas
made the videos talking about the girls and
all She came out saying that she believed
those girls Or she came out and said that these
victims I don't believe them because I'm sure
they're lying because they're friends
of Dalas what did you say you got into
honey what happens is that it pisses you off that I
tell you the truth
in the same premiere I say go harass
anyone go smoke anyone for nothing my
intention is to give a message that I can
to the people
and if it doesn't suit you then leave me alone like it's
not for you
indirectly
because this is pathetic let's get to the point
carché I invoke you I have it very in
fact as soon as the question was read I already
knew what a lying character eh
without a doubt
[Music] I'm
not going to tell you why If you want to
talk about it when I go to Barcelona we'll
talk about it in person
saying this because I do tell you that there are
things that fall by their own
weight in front there are things that fall by their
own weight from a position copied from on
his side in yesterday's video he said
this I've even seen like
coworkers if I didn't remember that click from
this part there are things that fall by their
own weight he says and the guy is now
like the one who hasn't told him the  dude if
auron doesn't take it off I'm not telling you to
make a video destroying it that
I think is worth it, I mean what I am
telling you is that Aurora is really bothered by
this that she should pick up the cable later or
not Or
what do I know or she wants to look good or be soft whatever it is she would be disappointed But well we'll see what happens but even though she knows this she knows that I'm saying it okay And even when she posted the Instagram stories we're going to kick the rat's back that she
later deleted it was when we were here in
the live reacting to that
I'm saying it okay And you know that you trust my
word love I'm not telling you to
load it in a video that would be
logical and fair after that but
at least let her kick him eh
At least let her kick him
There are things that come with their own weight in front there are
things that fall by their own weight added
to the fact that she disassociates herself that now we're
going to hear a position identical to
hers she is above the law no
but it's that but  You were the karcher
dude and now you're acting like a pimp, no. Well, he's
not asking me for forgiveness there, he's going to
apologize to you, idiot. Who's going to
ask you for blame,
scavenger, your girlfriend said, no, not in the video,
not on top of that, it comes across as pimp,
like it's been that they must have
sent a message to Auron in writing
when you saw that you're losing
followers
that I didn't want to say this, I wanted to
say something else and do some
mental gymnastics but that you wanted to say what
and that he probably told you, well, okay, nothing's wrong,
calm down, but what you
should have done is what
many people did at the time of the
funa. Hey, this. What's happening at the moment,
Jetta, that you're a Jetta and on top of that to
appear cocky and so that your followers don't
go away, no, no. I want an
apology from people who hate me, if you know
about subscribers, don't come back, but what are
you doing? How are you going to act worthy, on top of that, the
only thing that would be worth it to me because I have to
accept nothing. Just be Auro. But
the only thing that would be worth it to me would be that  excuse me
forgive me I got carried away by
my girlfriend who had my head like this with
auronplay Pin Pin and I failed her I
put the Judas that's the only thing
that would be worth it And then there each one
Decide if to trust you again or
not but you're going to come as a pimp like
no what that you're going to come as a pimp the
thing the story is not over the
story is not over If you go to
auron's Twitter follow the
YouTube channel Here we will see what
this means I have even seen how coworkers
or ex-colleagues joined this
ball of hate to make it bigger and bigger and
bigger in plural true mentions
someone no but if we stick to the
brother's stories where he
directly mentions karcher he says well there he is
in the batch No my sister has said
that she has been talking to auronplay and
this commented and you have let yourselves be carried away
by hate you have let yourselves be
carried away by hate you know it's not
like I said that everything falls by
its own weight no no no no no no it's not like
I have said that everything falls by its
own weight that I am going to disassociate myself from
this because I do not want my image to be
damaged by what auronplay has done you
know you have let yourselves be carried away and I
say this to the whole [ __ ] world that
has called me Rat and so on because the first one
that has called you a rat has been auronplay
that later he does not want to tell you to your face
there I will shut up but the first one that
has called you rats is auronplay because those
stories that uploaded were about you so
girl and swallow it not like the Shakira song
and there is no problem with him nor has he
taken anything I have said badly
because there is nothing to take badly
like auron has told him that he does not
take it badly he has lied to him like Aurora has
told him that she does not take it badly she has
lied to him we
just saw what the
brother has posted if you realize the brother
calling him karch it is the brother speaking
knowing that the brother has taken it
badly It is not that I am telling you, it is that
the brother
of  auron I mean I want to think that he
told him that just like that, get there
in the meantime because it would be the dick that it's not that he
left him stranded on a
trivial issue, on a silly thing, no no no no
like that, on a serious issue it was, he
stabbed him at the worst moment And
look, I've been following auronplay for a
long time at the worst moment of his career
and at the best of his life they were
accusing him of pedophilia dude of grooming
well pedophilia it wouldn't be ugly philia
or whatever no let's see everything without Play he
was guilty and this remains the same and continues like this well
Hey I won't disassociate myself from all
this because I don't feel like being linked
to it add to that the comment that we
saw before not to kill you either but he had
reasons to be upset Now I'm
not going to ask or demand that
people apologize to me, there are people
because I don't want apologies from those
people hardly the only thing I can say
is to all the people who weren't
harassing me these days for deslear False
Friend when I have literally spoken
to auron
in private and there is no problem Between him and I we continue the same the only thing I can tell you is that really if you stopped following me because you followed me don't follow me anymore I don't want you around Okay, no more okay, no more seriously, that's it
now you've been left like
clowns you know I clown like Auro
don't forgive him the one who has been left as
clowns is not us Because I have
very clear everything eh or rather what
the stories were for we will hit the
rat on the back I have very clear
who it was for Eh Just like
auronplay's brother has it let it get carried away by
hate a person has tried to put it in your
heads the hate that
a person has tried to put it in your heads he
ate his girlfriend's head
with me also towards me when
literally what I said is the most
normal thing in the world
and that's it and that's what there is so well you all
looked like clowns a little bit and that's it,
no more said this what was said I don't
want apologies from anyone or anything like
that okay well I don't want them I don't
deserve it because no one is going to  to
jail This story has not worked that
nobody is going to give them to you carches I understand
that when you say this you have let yourself be
carried away by hatred but you have tried to
put it in your head a person is
talking about the brother it
cannot be brother it can be the brother well
also of reliable communication
since auronplay I understand that you have had
such a bad time to the point that
I love you no no but come on I say it now
too eh I mean I say it with total
certainty and veracity to auron what
carchel said has pissed him off I
mean the rat thing was going for karche when he
put it for sure the Dallas skin you have been
laying stones on me you have
been telling me the worst
barbarities you have told me that if I am a bad
friend that if I am disloyal that if I am
ungrateful when liter everything that
I have said has been with respect to everyone
in this world Ah that he
said it with respect okay I mean he
said that he wanted to disassociate himself to not
get involved giving the
accusation of grooming to see but he
told me with respect that everything  falls by its
own weight but with respect Eh The only one they've
gone to throw stones at has been
my old bread it's clear to you if you
tell me that people have trusted me, I don't know
Don Vidente from Taiwan Well look I'll
buy it but friend we're talking about the
[ __ ] brother Therefore the public is
not 100% to blame
clarify my words even more It's that I
have something to clarify about my words
is if I get off the squid as I said
at the time until
things are clarified I do not do it because I am taking a
position or because I believe in
one part because I do not believe any
part okay I simply say that
this has to be left to flow, let people talk, let
people have their opinions, let people
say what they want, personally it
seems like [ __ ] to me it will become clearer with
time that no one believes you
forgive me forgive me forgive me if you
are saying that disassociating yourself from the
kits that now you are not going to disassociate yourself
because you are interested it is not because you do not
believe either of the parties If you do not believe
one of the two parties  here you have to
believe there is no more Not believing anyone is
impossible Either you believe it is true or you believe it
is a lie or you do not have it Clear but
to disassociate yourself is that the subject looks
bad if you trust your colleague because he
talks to him and you call him at the moment Hey
auron this that is coming out that you are
fine how are you does not disassociate yourself from
the kits you do a direct
supporting him in the good and the bad
interested that you are an interested party if you
disassociate it is because you are giving
veracity to the other side and you were
seeing yourself mixed because of the guilt
clarify my words even more It is that I
have something to clarify about my words
is if I get off the squid as I said
at the time is trying to deceive
the kids because the majority of the
public are kids and it is going to fall
to a lot of people this is going to fall to a
lot of kids
because I do not believe any part
okay I simply say have to let
this flow let people talk let
people have their opinions let people say what they
want personally it seems to me a
[ __ ] will become
clear with time that
neither party believes you So
because I do tell you there are things
that are self-evident that your
shame was self-evident or how
also by disassociating yourself you are giving
everything a negative connotation and therefore
credibility to the supposed victim if
this clarifies us to link Why
Because it is a very very very
simple question it is a very very very
simple question it falls on me Every [ __ ]
day on Twitter you throw out @'s that now it's
a rat now it's a rat But before it was that
if you don't take a position that if you don't
speak that if such and such what happens you don't
want you don't want anything The only thing
you want is to stir things up and that's it now I
tell you what I just told you
you have taken it so so so so so so so so so so so
badly I don't
understand because I repeat if I have spoken
with the person who felt that feel
offended according to you and he has
no problem with it and he understands it
perfectly us who are
acting the clown
the only one left for me to tell you  because one
thing is that I am labeled as something that I
will never do, I have never been, that's how it is and that's what it is, there is
no
more to it, so nothing more than to tell you that you
have
been left a little like [ __ ], like complete idiots and that's it, the question would be how does all this leave Auronplay's brother as an idiot, no, but not new either, a rat also started, it also goes on the brother's part, for the record, but nothing is my people, what was said in my previous video, they sold me
special effects, the brother put the rat thing in
just like Auron put some
stories, Auron put some stories
saying that he was going to beat the rats on the back,
okay, so the first one who
called him rat was Auron, whoever
wants to buy it, buy it, whoever
wants to believe the speech, every ocarches
for little children, believe it,
okay, I am saying the real thing, The Real thing
is that Auron has touched his dick
and that he thought he would come back strong, I imagine
that he is still standing, that they are collecting
cables and they are trying to lie and
regulate because they are losing
followers, no more, okay  No more
[Music]